---
title:  Current
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
tags: poetry
---

It's been a _very_ long time since I've sat down and really written, but someone got under my skin, and this time getting over covid has left me with more space to think and chew. So, without further adieu...
<!--more-->

Thrums of heartbeats<br/>
in synchrony<br/>
create a current<br/>
impossible to fight.<br/>
The waves toss me<br/>
through the throng of bodies,<br/>
all but losing myself in them.<br/>

But I can feel you,<br/>
seeking, closing in,<br/>
tracking, humming<br/>
a different chord,<br/>
sharper than the rest.<br/>

A sudden heavy quieting<br/>
as the confluence of paths<br/>
breaks loose the current,<br/>
spilling us apart<br/>
in separate directions.<br/>

Sweat and exhaustion <br/>
coat my skin, <br/>
aimless, spent, jetsam<br/>
clinging to the edges.<br/>
A sweet breath as time pauses,<br/>
just for a beat,<br/>
just long enough to <br/>
regain my footing.<br/>

You approach, stealth<br/>
in the relative quiet,<br/>
but I can still hear you,<br/>
dark and warm and rhythmic<br/>
and dangerous.<br/>

And as you close in,<br/>
our eyes connect, and<br/>
electricity swells between us -<br/>
across the room,<br/>
miles away,<br/>
inches apart.<br/>

The only thrum of a heartbeat<br/>
remaining is mine,<br/>
filling my ears,<br/>
filling my throat,<br/>
watching you approach<br/>
as you match pace.<br/>

Locked frozen,<br/>
I ache, I dread, I wait,<br/>
Desperately wanting<br/>
to find your rhythm<br/>
as you have already<br/>
found mine.<br/>

The final beat is<br/>
not mine, though,<br/>
never mine,<br/>
and I ache the more for it,<br/>
always.
